Preparation Steps
Before starting this lab, you must complete the lab in Modules 2. For the lab in this module, you will use the available host machine. Also, you must complete the following steps: 

	1. On the host computer, click Start, type Remote, and then click Remote Desktop Connection.
	2. In Remote Desktop Connection, provide the name of your virtual machine in the Computer box by using the following format:
	3. vm20532[Your Name Here].cloudapp.net:[Your VM RDP Port]
	4. Note: The name and port for your virtual machine might be saved in the Computer drop-down list. If this is the case, use this value instead of typing it in manually. If you are unsure about your virtual machine’s RDP port, use either of the Azure portals to find your virtual machine’s endpoints. The endpoint with the name Remote Desktop is the correct port for RDP. This port is randomized to protect your virtual machine from unauthorized access.
	5. In Remote Desktop Connection, click Connect. Wait until the RDP client accesses the virtual machine.
	6. If necessary, sign in by using the following credentials:
	7. User name: Student 
	8. Password: AzurePa$$w0rd
	9. Verify that you received the credentials to sign in to the Azure portal from your training provider. You will use these credentials and the Azure account throughout the labs in this course.
	10. Demonstration Steps
	11. On the Start screen, right-click the Visual Studio 2013 tile.
	12. In the app bar, click Run as Administrator.
	13. Note: If the User Account Control (UAC) dialog box that displays, you can elevate the permissions to run
	14. Visual Studio 2013 as an administrator.
	15. On the Visual Studio start screen, click New Project.
	16. In the New Project dialog box, perform the following steps:
	17. Expand Installed, Templates, Visual C#, and then click Cloud.
	18. Click the Azure Cloud Service template.
	19. In the Name box, type WorkerDemo.
	20. Click OK.
	21. In the New Microsoft Azure Cloud Service dialog, double-click the Worker Role option in the .NET Framework 4.5 roles section.
	22. Observe that a new Worker Role instance is created in the Microsoft Azure Cloud Service solution section named WorkerRole1.
	23. Right-click the WorkerRole1 instance and click Rename.
	24. Provide the value ConsoleRole and use the Enter key.
	25. Double-click the ASP.NET Web Role option in the .NET Framework 4.5 roles section.
	26. Observe that a new Web Role instance is created in the Microsoft Azure Cloud Service solution section named WebRole1.
	27. Right-click the WebRole1 instance and click Rename.
	28. Provide the value ASPRole and use the Enter key.
	29. Click the OK button.
	30. In the New ASP.NET Project – ASPRole dialog, click the OK button.
	31. In the Solution Explorer pane, expand the ConsoleRole project.
	32. Double-click the WorkerRole.cs item.
	33. In the Solution Explorer pane, expand the ASPRole project.
	34. Double-click the WebRole.cs item.
Close the WorkerDemo – Microsoft Visual Studio application.
